Adding Spin Trigger MQTT documentation (#167)
spinkube/documentation: content/en/docs/spin-trigger-mqtt/_index.md

---
title: spin-trigger-mqtt
description: Enhance Spin applications by enabling them to integrate between MQTT-based systems
categories: []
tags: []
weight: 80
---

> [Spin Trigger MQTT](https://github.com/spinkube/spin-trigger-mqtt/) is an MQTT trigger designed specifically for Spin. It enables seamless integration between Spin and MQTT-based systems, allowing you to automate workflows and trigger actions based on MQTT messages. With Spin Trigger MQTT, you can easily connect Spin with MQTT brokers and subscribe to topics of interest. When a message is received on a subscribed topic, Spin Trigger MQTT triggers the associated workflow, enabling you to automate processes and streamline your development pipeline. This documentation provides a comprehensive guide on how to set up and use Spin Trigger MQTT effectively, empowering you to leverage the power of MQTT in your Spin workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Spin Trigger MQTT](https://github.com/spinkube/spin-trigger-mqtt/) is an MQTT trigger designed specifically for Spin. It enables seamless integration between Spin and MQTT-based systems, allowing you to automate workflows and trigger actions based on MQTT messages. With Spin Trigger MQTT, you can easily connect Spin with MQTT brokers and subscribe to topics of interest. When a message is received on a subscribed topic, Spin Trigger MQTT triggers the associated component. This documentation provides a guide on how to set up and use Spin Trigger MQTT, empowering you to leverage the power of MQTT in your Spin applications.
```

Reviewer: (we don't have any inherent workflow automation or tooling for business process management - they are much higher level tools than Spin.)
